Strings and String-Methods (Little Sister's Essay & Little Sister's Vocab) Typos & Revisions (#2497)
exercism/python: concepts/strings/about.md

# About

A `str` in Python is an [immutable sequence][text sequence] of [Unicode code points][unicode code points].

> These could include letters, diacritical marks, positioning characters, numbers, currency symbols, emoji, punctuation, space and line break characters, and more.

Author: ```suggestion
These may include letters, diacritical marks, positioning characters, numbers, currency symbols, emoji, punctuation, space and line break characters, and more.
```

```

Multi-line strings are declared with `'''` or `"""`.

```python
>>> triple_quoted = '''Three single quotes or "double quotes" in a row allow for multi-line string literals.
  Line break characters, tabs and other whitespace is fully supported.

>   You\'ll most often encounter these as "doc strings" or "doc tests" written just below the first line of a function or class definition.

Author: I'm going to leave this one as  a purposeful example of using an escape.

> >>> triple_quoted = '''Three single quotes or "double quotes" in a row allow for multi-line string literals.
>   Line break characters, tabs and other whitespace is fully supported.
> 
>   You\'ll most often encounter these as "doc strings" or "doc tests" written just below the first line of a function or class definition.

Author: ```suggestion
>>> triple_quoted = '''Three single quotes or "double quotes" in a row allow for multi-line string literals.
  Line break characters, tabs and other whitespace is fully supported. Remember - The escape "\" character is also available if needed (as can be seen below). 
  
  You\'ll most often encounter multi-line strings as "doc strings" or "doc tests" written just below the first line of a function or class definition.
```

>     They\'re often used with auto documentation ✍ tools.

Author: That's a great suggestion.  I will add in verbiage for that, so it highlights why those are contractions.

>     They\'re often used with auto documentation ✍ tools.

Author: did so above, if you'd like to review for readability.
